com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/api/VehiculoService.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.api.VehiculoService
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/Fragment_cita.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.Fragment_cita
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.Fragment_cita$1
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/UriConverters.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.UriConverters
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/model/Direccion.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.model.Direccion
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/model/Vehiculo.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.model.Vehiculo
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/utiles/Utiles.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.utiles.Utiles
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/model/UserRole.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.model.UserRole
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/api/UsuarioService.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.api.UsuarioService
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/api/LoginService.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.api.LoginService
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/MainActivity.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.MainActivity
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/adapter/DatoOnClickListener.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.adapter.DatoOnClickListener
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/adapter/RecyclerViewAdapterVehiculo.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapterVehiculo
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/Fragment_servicio_detalle.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.Fragment_servicio_detalle
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.Fragment_servicio_detalle$1
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.Fragment_servicio_detalle$2
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/model/Servicio.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.model.Servicio
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/Fragment_servicio.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.Fragment_servicio
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.Fragment_servicio$1
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/model/Login.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.model.Login
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/api/MecanicoService.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.api.MecanicoService
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/model/Mecanico.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.model.Mecanico
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/ServicioItemClickListener.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.ServicioItemClickListener
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/ActivityCommunications.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.ActivityCommunications
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/api/CitaService.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.api.CitaService
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/adapter/RecyclerViewAdapterCita.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapterCita
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapterCita$ViewHolder
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/model/Cita.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.model.Cita
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/api/DireccionService.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.api.DireccionService
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/adapter/RecyclerViewAdapterServicio.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapterServicio
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapterServicio$1
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapterServicio$ViewHolder
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.BuildConfig
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/DatoOnClickListener.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.DatoOnClickListener
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/model/Usuario.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.model.Usuario
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/api/ApiCliente.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.api.ApiCliente
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/Interfaz.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.Interfaz
com/example/tallermecanicoandroid/api/ServicioService.java
 com.example.tallermecanicoandroid.api.ServicioService
